added more test cases and updated readme (#46)
mate-academy/jv-user-score: README.md

In this task you have `UserService` class with `getUserScore()` method.

> Method receives two parameters: arrays of strings `records` and single string element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method receives two parameters: an array of strings `records` and a single string element
```
